[Static.]
I haven't got fifty...
She looked at me modestly and smiled very sweet.
She said she wasn't hungry at all, but this is what she ate.
A dozen raw, a plate of slaw, and a fancy Boston roast, some crackers too and a big hot stew, and soft-shelled crab on toast.
Next, she tried some sausage fried, her appetite was immense.
She asked for pie, and I thought I'd die, for I had but fifty cents.
She finished up... cleaned out an ice cream can.
She said, Sam, I'll tell my mom you're such a nice young man.
I'll bring my sister along next time I come for fun.
I gave the man fifty cents, and this is what he's done.
He tore my clothes, he broke my nose...
...two dark eyes, and beat me most of dead.
Every chance, he made me dance, and fought me over the fence.
Take my advice, don't try this twice if you have but fifty cents.